Add subsection "Data privacy when using a work profile" (#2900)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

By default, while browsing **InPrivate**, Microsoft does not collect any information about websites you visit for product improvement purposes. Your school, workplace, or internet service provider may still be able to see your browsing activity.

Browsing data for the specific **InPrivate** session is cleared after all **InPrivate** windows are closed.  When using the Windows Input Method Editor (IME) keyboard for typing and inking, data may be collected to improve language recognition and suggestion capabilities.

To stop inking and typing data from being collected by Microsoft while using the Windows IME keyboard during **InPrivate** and normal browsing, open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy**, and then turn off **Inking & typing personalization**.  For more information about **InPrivate** browsing, see [Browse InPrivate in Microsoft Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4533513).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Data privacy when using a work profile

> When using a work profile, the organization may see the following data:

Author: ```suggestion
When using a work profile, Microsoft may see the following data:
```

Author: changed to:
When a user is signed in via a work profile, the user's organization has access to the following data.  For example, when a user is signed in with the profile user1@contoso.com, Contoso may see this data:

which incorp's [comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2900#issuecomment-1788771758) from main page of PR.

> When working with the work profile, the organization may see the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a work profile, the organization may see the following data:
```

Author: changed

> * The URL.

Author: ```suggestion
* The URLs accessed by the user.
```
@AmitMishaeli - please review this suggested change.

Author: applied the change

> * The application URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The URL.
```

> * The application URL.

Reviewer: What do you mean by application URL? Is this just any URL i go to on the web, basically saying they can see history? Or is this a specific type of URL?

Reviewer: @AmitMishaeli

Reviewer 2: Hi @apryzgoda ,
It is the URL used to go to the web.
We do not see the browsing history.

* The identity of the user in the profile.
* The file names of files that the user attempts to download or upload.
* The content of files that the user attempts to download or upload.

> * Any attempted actions, such as cut, copy, print, download, or upload.

Author: ```suggestion
* Any attempted actions by the user, such as cut, copy, print, download, or upload.
```

> * The operating system, browser, and browser version.

Author: ```suggestion
* The user's operating system, browser, and browser version.
```
@AmitMishaeli - please review this suggested change.

rendered h2 section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2900#profile

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### InPrivate browsing

**InPrivate** browsing is a private browsing mode. No browsing history, download history, cookies and site data, nor form fill data are remembered. Microsoft Edge saves downloaded files and any new favorites created while browsing **InPrivate**.

By default, while browsing **InPrivate**, Microsoft does not collect any information about websites you visit for product improvement purposes. Your school, workplace, or internet service provider may still be able to see your browsing activity.

Browsing data for the specific **InPrivate** session is cleared after all **InPrivate** windows are closed.  When using the Windows Input Method Editor (IME) keyboard for typing and inking, data may be collected to improve language recognition and suggestion capabilities.

To stop inking and typing data from being collected by Microsoft while using the Windows IME keyboard during **InPrivate** and normal browsing:

> * On Windows, open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy**, and then turn off **Inking & typing personalization**.  For more information about **InPrivate** browsing, see [Browse InPrivate in Microsoft Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4533513).<!-- todo: * On macOS, do X. -->

Author: @apryzgoda - how do this on Mac?

Reviewer 2: The new clause is not relevant for InPrivate mode

Author: i will remove hidden comment

Author: removed comment, smoothed paragraph

Browsing data for the specific **InPrivate** session is cleared after all **InPrivate** windows are closed.  When using the Windows Input Method Editor (IME) keyboard for typing and inking, data may be collected to improve language recognition and suggestion capabilities.  You can stop inking and typing data from being collected by Microsoft while using the Windows IME keyboard during **InPrivate** and normal browsing. Open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** and turn off **Inking & typing personalization**.  For more information about **InPrivate** browsing, see [Browse InPrivate in Microsoft Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4533513).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Data privacy when using a work profile

> When working with the work profile, the organization can see the following data:

Author: need more verbose lead-in sentence to establish context

Reviewer 2: New phrasing: When working with the work profile, the organization **may** see the following data:

Author: i'll revise

Author: changed to 'may'

* The application URL.
* The identity of the user in the profile.

> * The file name.

Author: @apryzgoda - need more context for "the file name".  Which file name, of what?

Reviewer 2: 'The content of files': The content of files the user attempts to download or upload.

Author: @AmitMishaeli - regarding specifically the list item "The file name", I think clarifying for context might give:

The file name of files that the user attempts to download or upload.

correct?  is there better wording?
